Internet Privacy
This is a guide to teach people steps you can take to stay anonymous online, prevent your information from being stolen, and how you can avoid being tracked between sites and apps. First, I'll explain some different ways that you can be tracked between sites, making you identifiable.



Usernames and Discriminators
First, I'll explain what a discriminator actually is. A discriminator, previously used in Discord usernames for example, is a string or set of numbers that makes you uniquely identifiable. So, for example, if you have two friends named 'toasty', you would give each of them a discriminator, like toasty1872 or toasty1242, making it possible to distinguish between them.
Identifiers
    Most websites and apps have IDs that make each user unique, similar to Discriminators, an ID is a string of numbers that is able to make an individual identifiable even after they change their username. While it isn't possible to change your ID on any site that I know of other than creating a new account, knowing of it's existance is very important.
    A few examples, Roblox and Steam both have UserIds that can be found in your profile link. 
    Discord's user ID can be found easily, but it requires the activation of Developer Mode, which is in Settings under the "Developer" section at the very bottom of the settings list. After doing so you can right click anyone's profile and click "Copy User ID" to do so.

    Previous Usernames
        Some platforms have the feature to view previous usernames. A few being Roblox, Minecraft, and Steam. A very efficient way to be able to

Security
    Most importantly, keeping the information that is accessible by a network or program secure. To help further your understanding, here is some common terminology used within the cybersecurity world.
    Definitions
        Cookies are pieces of information defined by a website server that are sent to your internet browser to be stored. While this is a completely innocent features.
        For example, if you visit a website and turn it to dark mode and it has configured cookies, it will save that information to your browser so that when you re-visit the website it can fetch that cookie and see if you enabled dark mode on a previous visit to the website.
        Tokens are strings of information stored inside a cookie that is used to authenticate your identity to a website.
        After you log in to a website, it generates a token that allows you to automatically be logged back in upon reopening the page. This feature that most websites offer is one of, if not the most, sought after piece of information by bad actors looking to commit fraud.
        Malware is malicious software that aims to steal any sensitive information on your computer, or to use your computer as part of a botnet to run more programs (???).
        Trojans are malware disguise themselves as legitimate programs or processes on your comptuer.
        VPNs or Virtual Private Networks, are used to mask your IP Address from any potential trackers.
        IP Address, or IPv4 used most commonly, is a number that uniquely identifies your network. An example of what an IP address could look like is 12.345.678.901. Bad actors who are looking to obtain your IP are most commonly looking to do a DDoS attack.
        DDoS, or Distributed Denial-of-Service, is ashamedly a common practice online happens when a bad actor overwhelms your network with large chunks of information, which leads to your internet slowing down exponentially, or shutting down entirely.

Malware
    Ransomware: Programs that deny you access to your device and require money to unlock.
    Spyware: Programs that watch what you do on your computer and send the information to a third party. This can include screenshots, keystrokes, camera access, microphone, etc.
    Trojan: Malware that hides itself and functions like a normal program.
    XSS: Cross-site scripting is where people hide malicious code inside of a website that runs on your browser when you visit it.
    DDoS: The act of flooding someones internet with so much traffic it either slows down exponentially or stops completely.
    Social Engineering: Manipulation or impersonation with an attempt to get some sort of sensitive information.
    Keylogging: Records everything typed on your keyboard, including emails, passwords, usernames, sensitive messages, etc.
    Cryptojacking: Using your computer to mine cryptocurrency without you knowing it's there.
    SIM Swapping: Manipulating your phone provider into transferring your phone number to another SIM card that allows them to intercept text messages, most commonly used as a method to bypass two-factor authentication

Anonymity



Telemetry: Data that companies save about you and send back for analyzation. While mostly used for improvement of software, it has it's risks and privacy concerns.
Bloatware: 
Metadata: Data attached to a file that has additional information about the file. This is most commonly referred to within photos; Apple assigns a lot of metadata to photos including location, the date and time it was taken, and phone model. While most of this is visible through the Apple Photos app, and most common apps automatically remove metadata when uploading pictures, some websites don't and it's important to be aware where you are uploading certain files.

BTLE tracker



Self Investigation
    One of the most useful things you can do is actually try to find information about yourself. Try to think of what someone that wants to get your information would use as a start point, and work from there yourself. Most importantly, when doing research on yourself create a new profile on whatever browser you are using or use an incognito feature to make sure that your results aren't personalized and that you aren't logged in to anything before-hand.

    Google Search Manipulation
        A perfect place to start is searching yourself on Google. What will make your life exponentially easier when doing so is learning how to manipulate your google searches to be able to find exactly what you are looking for. There are a significant amount of ways you can edit your search to narrow down results to find exactly what you are looking for, I'll list some ones that I use commonly below:
        "intitle:"
        "filetype:"
        
        -: In my opinion, the most useful search operator, allows you to do the opposite of any operator by putting the "-" sign before the operation. An example would be using -site:example.com, this would *remove* every result from that site instead of only including results from it.
        "example": Most importantly, quotations. If you want results for toasty8479 and not anything related to toasty or 8479, put it in quotations. This tells google you only want results for that one specific string.
        site:example.com: This limits results to only include results from this website.
        -ai: Removes Google AI from being enabled on the search

thank you for keeping yourself safe.